Typesafer slip10 (#201)
iotaledger/crypto.rs: .changes/typesafer-slip10.md

---
"iota-crypto": minor
---

> More static typesafety for SLIP10 implementation to avoid runtime checks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More static type safety for SLIP10 implementation to avoid runtime checks.
```
sorry ... I couldn't unsee it again.

Author: Fixed
